Meeting notes for the 6/7 meeting (#4)
osg-htc/technology: docs/meetings/2022/TechArea20220607.md

### Discussion

There are several Docker images that are built from individual GitHub repositories instead of the central "images" repository.
They should be moved to the images repo; keep an eye on how well GitHub Actions workflows scale, though.

COManage registration denials seem to be sticky;

> if you want to admit someone you have previously denied, you will have to expunge the denial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you want to admit someone you have previously denied, you will have to expunge the CO Person record
```

Just to be clear on what gets expunged here

Sometimes packages get stuck in Ready for Testing state because they are considered "critical" but no external people have provided feedback.
Mat suggests amending our release policy such that critical packages are released after a month without negative feedback, even if no positive feedback has been received.
Tim says that would be better for software that has received VMU testing or has been well tested outside of OSG.

> We have an IRIS-HEP deliverable to increase the percentage of packages tested in VMU; Brian will create tickets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have an IRIS-HEP metric to increase the percentage of packages tested in VMU; Brian will create tickets.
```
